the delete rear operation is same as to delete front
operation
The only difference is for deleting the front node
We need to move the front pointer to its next
node but to delete the rear node we need
to move the rear pointer to its previous node so let us
Take the delete front logic and modify it first
let us change the function name to delete rear and
inside that backup the rear node instead of the
front
So write node start temp equal to rear to remove
the rear node
Make the rear pointer point to its previous
node so write rear equal to rear Prev And then
if rear becomes null We need to reset the front
pointer to null So change it to if rear equal to
null front equal to null and then in general case
after the removal rear next will point the old node
So we need to make it null So change it
to rear next equal to null
And that's it this is the implementation of the delete rear operation.